Integrate 2024 FERC-714 data (#4530)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/dev/existing_data_updates.rst

create new tables in :mod:`pudl.metadata.resources.nrelatb` for these descriptors,
following the example of ``core_nrelatb__yearly_technology_status``.

E. FERC Form 714
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**4.E.1)** Materialize everything downstream of the raw FERC-714 assets using Dagster
query ``key:"raw_ferc714_xbrl*"+``. Investigate any errors that occur, and update the
constants in :mod:`pudl.transform.ferc714` to add any new fix cases for the new year
of data. Common updates include:

* :py:const:`pudl.transform.ferc714.TIMEZONE_OFFSET_CODE_FIXES` - Update this if you
  see ``AssertionError: We expect all but XX of the records without a cleaned
  utc_offset to not have any demand data, but we found YY records``, after
  investigating the records with missing utc_offset and determining what the correct
  value should be.
* :py:const:`pudl.transform.ferc714.DISCONTINUOUS_DATES` - Update this if you see
  ``AssertionError: We expect there to be fewer than XX gaps in the xbrl time series
  but we found these YY gaps:``, after investigating the new gaps and confirming
  they occur on reasonable dates (usually around daylight saving time start or end).

> * :py:const:`pudl.transform.ferc714.DUPLICATED_DATETIMES` - Update this if you see
>   ``AssertionError: Found YY duplicate UTC datetimes, but we expected XX or less``,
>   after investigating the new duplicates and confirming they occur on reasonable
>   dates (usually when a respondent changes timezones, whether due to daylight saving
>   time or otherwise).

Reviewer: Editing just because imprecise definitions of "timezone" cause so much data suffering.

```suggestion
* :py:const:`pudl.transform.ferc714.DUPLICATED_DATETIMES` - Update this if you see
  ``AssertionError: Found YY duplicate UTC datetimes, but we expected XX or less``,
  after investigating the new duplicates and confirming they occur on reasonable
  dates (usually when a respondent changes their UTC offset, whether due to daylight
  savings time or otherwise).
```
